He is really a ghost
The mysterious stock market boss who earns thousands of dollars overnight
Ghost hands hey hey no
Impossible
How could a bumpkin like him be a ghost?
I got it.
It must be this kid pretending to be a ghost hand
Angry Lord Ghost Hand
Lord Ghost Hand is angry
Don't want to come
Boy, are you really not afraid of death?
Since Mr. Ghost Hand doesn't want to come
So let's get started.
Boy, it's really cheap for you.
All are welcome to attend.
Actor's Game Agent Gold
So our first game of the day
Last Kingdom Bottom Auction Price 5 million
5.50 million 6 million
6.50 million I have money
If any of you want to die, you can compare with me
Hahahaha stop
Congratulations to Boss Xu
6.50 million get the last kingdom game agency
The second static game legend
One auction price 1 million
1.10 million